"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.", Nelson Mandela
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.", Walt Disney
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking.", Steve Jobs
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.", Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.", Oprah Winfrey
"If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.", James Cameron
"I'm not here to be perfect, I'm here to be real.", Lady Gaga
"I'm not interested in money. I just want to be wonderful.", Marilyn Monroe
"The only thing that feels better than winning is winning when nobody thought you could.", Hank Aaron
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.", Winston Churchill
"If you can dream it, you can do it.", Walt Disney
"If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it.", Laura Ingalls Wilder
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.", John Quincy Adams
"The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.", Ernest Hemingway
"The only Limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.", Franklin D. Roosevelt
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.", Maya Angelou
"The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.", Steve Jobs
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.", Steve Jobs
"The best way to find out what you want in life is to try a lot of things.", Oprah Winfrey
"In order to be truly happy, you must pursue your dreams and goals.", Oprah Winfrey
"You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up everything you have.", Oprah Winfrey
"Don't let anyone tell you what you can't do. Follow your dreams and persist.", Barack Obama
"If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.", Unknown
"Everything happens for a reason.", Unknown
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.", Mae West
"Life is what we make it and how we make it – whether we realize it or not.", Napoleon Hill
"The road to success is always under construction.", Lily Tomlin
"I'm not a self-made man. I've had a lot of help.", Stan Lee
"If you don't build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.", Tony Gaskins
"You've got to be in it to win it.", Tony Robbins
"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.", Winston Churchill
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. That's why we recommend it daily.", Zig Ziglar
"If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up.", J.M. Power
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.", Franklin D. Roosevelt
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.", Maya Angelou
"Be persistent and never give up hope.", George Lucas
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do.", Steve Jobs
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.", Albert Einstein
"If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.", Marilyn Monroe
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.", Jimmy Dean
"The only Limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.", Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.", Will Rogers
"It is never too late to be what you might have been.", George Eliot
"Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Walk beside me; just be my friend.", Albert Camus
"I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.", Michael Jordan
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.", Nelson Mandela
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.", Walt Disney
"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.", F. Scott Fitzgerald
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.", Lao Tzu
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.", Robert Louis Stevenson
"If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up.", J.M. Power
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.", Jimmy Dean
"Believe you can and you're halfway there.", Theodore Roosevelt
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.", Helen Keller
"You can never plan the future by the past.", Edmund Burke
"You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.", Abraham Lincoln
"In a world filled with hate, we must still dare to hope.", Michael Jackson